here we go here I think we're up we're a
seat back there were up all right here
we go awesome imma shut up she is that's
cool you see that Dad oh why is the
second booster right there who the dog
is going crazy pushing stuff coming off
of it I I'm not sure if that's normal it
looks like there's some debris that's
still moving with it behind it I don't
know if you can see this in this film
German as much as possible i'm on my
iphone it is still going that's a very
little dot still about the same burn
there's nothing's really changed i look
at the iphone thing what i see is what
you see it's hard to keep this study I'm
about an hour not from wallops island by
car now it's starting then there's a lot
I can't see much more of it
there it is again and just lit again it
fizzled out for a second then it came
and let backup I wonder if this is
normal I let me see if I can hear what
NASA saying I'm sure that was just a
normal booster these things have stages
on on these rockets I said just like a
star twinkling in here the dogs I don't
know if you could see the trails in
front of the moon over here good girl I
do believe she's heading out to see it
up the coast now
and I can't see it just fizzle that
again c4 she's gonna like again and I
think she's made it among the stars lady
and gentlemen don't take too long I'm
going inside seat that's a mission well
done or not what's up in the sky 37 ww
what's up in the sky com she can give it
to clinch this moon over here what's
going on over here check that out all
these planes are just flying in front of
it I really am NOT in an area where
there's a lot of planes so not sure why
they're all up there flying around but
anyway take it easy guys much love peace